Enhancement/wheel chair example (#39)
rwth-acis/Virtual-Agents-Framework: Documentation/manual/sitting.md

> [!NOTE]
> <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.AgentTasks.AgentMovementTask> relies on Unity's NavMesh system which allows in-place rotation. It is suitable for simple prototyping and works well for wheelchair movement, but not for realistic vehicle steering physics.

### Wheelchair Example
For a wheelchair, once the sitting task completes, the wheelchair is parented to the agent and its wheel/tire animations are driven by the agent's movement:

```csharp
// Sit on the wheelchair
TaskBundle wheelChairTask = (TaskBundle) taskSystem.Tasks.GoToAndSit(Wheelchair);

// Once seated, parent the wheelchair to the agent and connect the tire animation script
wheelChairTask.OnTaskFinished += () =>
{
    Wheelchair.transform.parent = agent.transform;
    Wheelchair.GetComponent<TireAnimation>().agent = agent.GetComponent<NavMeshAgent>();
};

// Instruct the agent to move to a waypoint (the wheelchair moves with it)
taskSystem.Tasks.GoTo(waypoint1);

// Stand up from/leave the wheelchair

> TaskBundle wheelChairTaskEnd = (TaskBundle) taskSystem.Tasks.GoToAndSit(Wheelchair);

Reviewer: This also needs to be updated.

```suggestion
AgentBaseTask wheelChairTaskEnd = taskSystem.Tasks.StandUp(Wheelchair);
```

// Deparent the wheelchair once stood up
wheelChairTaskEnd.OnTaskFinished += () =>
{
    Wheelchair.transform.parent = null;
    Wheelchair.GetComponent<TireAnimation>().agent = null;
};
```

## Example Scenes

The framework contains an example scene that demonstrates sitting on different chairs, stools, and mobile seats.

During execution of the scene in the `AgentSittingController`:
1. The agent walks to a static chair, sits down, waits for 3 seconds, and then stands up.
2. The agent sits on a stool, waits, and stands up.
3. The agent sits on a wheelchair, which is then parented to the agent to move with them to a waypoint, after which the agent leaves the wheelchair.
4. The agent sits on a skateboard, which modifies the agent's velocity/rotation attributes to simulate skateboarding dynamics. The agent picks up an item, rides to another waypoint, and then steps off the skateboard (reverting the movement settings).

> Checkout the `Chair`, `Stool`, `Wheelchair`, and `Skateboard` gameobjects in the scene to see how the <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair> component is set up and how the different transforms are assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the `Chair`, `Stool`, `Wheelchair`, and `Skateboard` GameObjects in the scene to see how the <xref:i5.VirtualAgents.Chair> component is set up and how the different transforms are assigned.
```
